Organization and Project Background:
We are TurnerMart, we serve around 2000-3000 customers a day. We serve groceries, home items, medication and beauty producs
We serve food to our customers who are usually around the local area of Morden
We will usually have a max of 250 users on our network at a singular time.
The new wireless network is needed because our company has recently expanded from 100 customers at one time to 200. Our wireless network is not prepared for the expansion of our building and the increase in customers
Our current problem is at peak hours the network is very slow and some devices cannot connect to the network at all. In the new expansion our wifi frequently cuts in and out.

Project Objectives:

Reliable wireless coverage has to be better than it is now. In a lot of spots in our store we do not have network coverages or the wifi signal is very week due to the expansion of the store and not updating the access points
We neeed better performance out of our network and in the expansion part of our building we need better coverage in that portion of our stores. We will also need to update the current wifi coverage in the exsisting store because in some spots the wifi cuts out.
We also need better security in our network. Our main network that the employees use and the wireless network is not the same subnet. We would like to segement our network into multiple subnets and VLANS to protect our internal network that employees use. We would also like to integrate some ACL rules so that our customers cannot access inappropriete websites and reduce bandwidth so customers can't download or upload anything so, they have less power
If our network bandwidth slows down or if any network components slows down or overheats we would like to implement a network and server monitoring to know what is going on with our equipment
Our network should be designed in a way that furture network growth is in mind

Scope of Work:
We have lost the documents to our original wireless site survey. The store will have to be re surveyed for the wireless network coverage. We know some spots do not have network coverage.
The access point placement will be on the bottom side of the roof so that it is visiable in the store. We will be using the the 2.4 GHz because we need the signal to penetrate the shelves of food. We would like the access points to be 10 to 15 meters away, in particular we would like about 10-20% overlap so there is not random cracks in between the access points without internet access.
Before installation we would like the access points to be fully updated and documented. When installing the access point first clean the roof where the access point will be. When installing the access point lie it flat against the roof and string the cat 6 ethernet cables into the roof to connect to the main network closet.
After stringing the ethernet cable to the roof it should travel to the network closet where we have our network equipment. Once it gets to the right area on the roof attic you can string it down to a switch.
Our security configuration will be wpa-3 personal, we do not have a radius server to authenticate users at this current moment so we are forced to go with the personal
To validate or test the network we will give you access to the network so ping or traceroute commands can be performed.
On our central server we have made a file server and the IT-help will have access to the shared file on either their devices or we can give them laptops to access the file server/
We would be interested for ongoing support after IT-help is done with configuring the wireless network for basic maintenance and support for out wireless network.

Technical Requirements:
Our current environment is using wi-fi 5. We would like to increase our router to the newer model being wi-fi 6. Wi-fi 6e is to expensive for what the benefits is for us so, we will skip it for now.
The authentication protocol we would like to upgrade to will be wpa3- personal. Currently we are running wpa-2 personal which in this current environment is outdated and needing an upgrade
We want to isolate the the guest network from the main employee network. For the guest network we would like to use a /23 network. This allows 510 IP addresses allowing more than enough.
We would like to implement VLANS on our guest network. We would like a guest, management, data and voice VLAN.
Priviously We were going to create a monitoring systems. We would also like to implement a reporting system based on the monitoring system as well.

Wi-Fi 6 or newer
WPA3
Guest network isolation
VLAN integration
Monitoring and reporting
Scalability
Support for the expected number of users and devices

Deliverables:
Site survey report
Wireless network design
Installed and configured access points
Network diagram
Test results
Administrator guide
Support plan

Timeline and Pricing:
Proposal deadline
Vendor selection date
Project start date
Installation and testing period
Project completion date
Initial and ongoing costs

Evaluation Criteria:
Create a simple weighted table totaling 100 percent.
Example:
Category 	Weight
Technical solution 	35%
Security 	25%
Implementation plan 	15%
Vendor experience 	10%
Pricing 	15%
Total 	100%

Submission and Terms:
Submission format
Contact information
Late-submission policy
Confidentiality
Support expectations
Change-control process
Contract duration
